Differences to :program:`pyqtdeploy` v1
=======================================

There have been a number of changes to :program:`pyqtdeploy` since v1.  Most of
these changes are related to the supporting tools rather than the GUI.  Project
files created for v1 are automatically updated by later versions.

v1 recommended a directory structure to adopt when assembling the various parts
of a deployable application.  This was refered to as the *sysroot* directory.
An unsupported script, :program:`build-sysroot.py`, was provided that created
the sysroot directory and was able to build and install a limited number of
packages - mainly PyQt and related packages.  It used configuration files
generated by the :program:`pyqtdeploycli` program to specify how those packages
were built, e.g. which individual modules and features were enabled.
:program:`build-sysroot.py` has been replaced with the fully supported 
:program:`pyqtdeploy-sysroot` program.  Individual package support is
implemented by a configurable package plugin.  An API is provided for you to
write (and contribute) your own plugins for additional packages.  As with v1,
using the sysroot directory structure is entirely optional.

The :program:`pyqtdeploycli` program has been removed.  The build functionality
has been replaced by the new :program:`pyqtdeploy-build` program.

The ``Build`` tab of the :program:`pyqtdeploy` GUI has been removed.  The sole
purpose of the GUI is now to create and modify a project file.

The C++ code and :program:`qmake` ``.pro`` file generated by v1 attempted to be
portable across all target architectures.  :program:`pyqtdeploy-build` will
generate code specific for a single target architecture which is determined by
the :option:`--target <pyqtdeploy-build --target>` option and default to the
host architecture.
